.TH XDIGGER 6 "July 1999" "Ali & Jan"
.SH NAME
xdigger \- Digger game for X11
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xdigger
[
.I options
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B xdigger
is the X-version of the (KC85-)Digger game. 

.SH OPTIONS
Some standard X toolkit parameters may be given, such as 
\fB\-display\fP \fIdisplay\fP etc.

\fB\-1\fP the window-size is  320x256

\fB\-2\fP the window-size is  640x512 (default)

\fB\-3\fP the window-size is  960x768

\fB\-4\fP the window-size is 1280x1024

\fB\-5...\fP analog

\fB\-noblink\fP don't blink (diamonds)

\fB\-noiconmove\fP don't change the icon while playing

\fB\-vert240\fP use a vertical resolution of 240 instead of 256

\fB\-sound [dsp|audio|xbell|rplay|nas|auto|off]\fP sound device

\fB\-v\fP, \fB--version\fP version

\fB\-?\fP, \fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP help

.SH FILES
/usr/lib/X11/xdigger/xdigger.level
/var/X11R6/scores/xdigger.hiscore

.SH KEYBOARD BINDINGS
The \fBarrow\fP keys will move the man.
\fBEsc\fP or \fBC-b\fP restarts the level.
\fBx\fP returns to the main menu.
\fBq\fP exits the game.
\fB+\fP and \fB-\fP will change the size of the window.

.SH HISTORY & CREDITS
Digger was originally developed for the KC 85/3 and KC 85/4.
The program code was by Alexander Lang, the graphics were by
Martin Guth, the title graphic by Stefan Dahlke. The levels were developed
by Thomas Carstens, Andrea Ernert, Martin Guth, Alexander Lang and
Heiko Schade.

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to the author!

.SH AUTHOR
Alexander Lang (lang@mueritz-comp.de)

Jan Fricke (fricke@rz.uni-greifswald.de) (KC85-sound emulation)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 1988, 1999 by Alexander Lang
.sp 1
